`azurerm_virtual_machine_implicit_data_disk_from_source` - Supports data disk live expanding (#29239)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/virtual_machine_implicit_data_disk_from_source.html.markdown

* `create_option` - (Required) Specifies the Create Option of the Data Disk. The only possible value is `Copy`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `disk_size_gb` - (Required) Specifies the size of the Data Disk in gigabytes.

> -> **NOTE:** In certain conditions the Data Disk size can be updated without shutting down the Virtual Machine, however only a subset of Virtual Machine SKUs/Disk combinations support this. More information can be found [for Linux Virtual Machines](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/expand-disks?tabs=azure-cli%2Cubuntu#expand-without-downtime) and [Windows Virtual Machines](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/expand-os-disk#expand-without-downtime) respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** In certain conditions the Data Disk size can be updated without shutting down the Virtual Machine, however only a subset of Virtual Machine SKUs/Disk combinations support this. More information can be found [for Linux Virtual Machines](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/expand-disks?tabs=azure-cli%2Cubuntu#expand-without-downtime) and [Windows Virtual Machines](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/expand-os-disk#expand-without-downtime) respectively.
```

Author: updated. Thanks.

> -> **NOTE:** If No Downtime Resizing is not available, be aware that changing this value is disruptive. The VM will be shut down and de-allocated as required by Azure to action the change. Terraform will attempt to start the machine again after the update if it was in a `running` state when the apply was started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** If the VM does not meet the requirements to expand the disk without downtime, changing this value is disruptive. The VM will be shut down and deallocated as required by Azure to action the change. Terraform will attempt to start the VM again after the update if it was in a `running` state prior to the change.
```

Author: updated. Thanks.

* `create_option` - (Required) Specifies the Create Option of the Data Disk. The only possible value is `Copy`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `disk_size_gb` - (Required) Specifies the size of the Data Disk in gigabytes.

> -> **Note:** Updating `disk_size_gb` to shrink the disk size is not supported on Azure and forces a new Virtual Machine Scale Set to be created.

Reviewer: I think this should be `Data Disk` rather than `Virtual Machine Scale Set`

```suggestion
-> **Note:** Updating `disk_size_gb` to shrink the disk size is not supported on Azure and forces a new Data Disk to be created.
```

Author: You are right. Thank you for pointing out this mistake. Already updated.
